hello everyone.welcome we're playing WWE
13 and here's my Rodriques car for WWE
13 and you guys requested this I'm gonna
make the rest of the shield as well as
you already know I already made Seth
Rollins
so only do you know Ambrose after this
one and smash that like button cuz if we
get 50 likes then I will make the
tutorial for this car and on the 25th of
December I will also make the Santa
Claus car tutorial so be sure to watch
that one as well for you know I don't
know for the Christmas stuff and so okay
I don't know I don't have much to talk
about but we had the world is gonna end
today by the way so that's some pretty
interesting stuff although I don't I
don't really think it's gonna end oh if
you guys do you guys think that it's
gonna end today yes or no just comment
down below I don't think it's gonna and
I think I don't know it has happened so
many times before that they're just
telling that something is gonna go on
with the world and but but in the end
there's nothing going to happen okay
anyway we will see today we will see if
we will still live tomorrow or whatever
will happen so yeah what else I'm gonna
by the way now some information that you
may not or I don't know some some of you
guys may be interesting I'm gonna put
Windows 8 on my computer right now and
I'm gonna just see how it goes so I'm
gonna like delete all my stuff right now
I don't know I don't I don't really care
maybe I will make it but backup I don't
know but so I will make videos until I
have that as well but I wasn't gonna
make videos anyway so I'm spending on
have a nice day you guys see you later
bye